The Joe Rogan experience.
Um, another thing I heard,
this is really crazy that Trump is going to start a third party that he's been
talking about. Start starting out party called the Patriot party, which is like,
holy.
I don't know anything about that. Again, rear view, mirror,
rear view mirror.
I believe he's going to be in the rear view mirror. I just don't.
I think people are going to get bored.
I think it's going to a few months ago by,
or whatever it is until he's in the news again. And then, uh,
it just won't be exciting without him. And then I think we need a foil.
We need someone like the 20, 21 season.
It's going to be pretty boring if Trump's not involved at all. Like, if,
if this was a long running show, like Ozark or something like that. Right.
And we get it,
I get to the new season when he steps down like this can't be it. Oh,
I see what they're gonna do.
They're gonna pretend that everything's gonna be fine. We've got Biden.
We've got Harris. We got a lot of, uh,
really diverse people in the cabinet. This is going to be wonderful.
We got it. We nailed it. Everything's great.
And then something that's what the worry is.
Yeah. Well, I mean, look, there,
there are sadly a lot of really
important and serious things that we could and should be talking about that
should capture our attention and be able
to,
as the people provide that pressure to our leadership and hold them accountable
for whether or not they're doing their job in actually working for the people,
uh, or, or not.
You're talking about like a reasonable, you're talking like a reasonable,
responsible person. That's not human,
but there's not that many of you out there. I think.
There are Joe. I think there are, I think.
We're a bunch of grown-up babies with phones and they just were just tweeting up
a storm and watching YouTube videos. That's what I think.
I think people are so addicted to this drama. I mean, my God,
th th they're watching Twitter over the last few days is been like watching
people can complete an ultra marathon. Like they're,
they're get to the finish line. We're there where the cross, the line and yeah,
we made it, we did it. We did it. It's over. you. Like,
there's so many people like playing, you know, having memes and this, and,
and these like self-aggrandizing posts about like,
to directly to Trump, dear Mr. President, you.
And this and that and celebrities are doing,
and all these people are getting in on.
And it is a fascinating thing to watch because I'm like, okay,
you made it across the line. Now, what, what happens next?
We're going to do with all this. You gotta, you, you like the fight.
You're like, you like the conflict. What are you gonna do with all this energy?
You got.
Rechannel that let's reach handle that actually fight for the people
against those who wield. Uh, the.
Yeah, but that's not fun. What's fun is a bad guy. A guys are fun.
We need another bad guy. I mean, we got plenty.
Of those. Trust me, we got plenty of bad guys, but we don't have.
A bad guy. Like.
But here's, here's the thing is,
and I agreed like people who have been looking
forward to January 20th as though
this is going to solve all of the,
all of the problems that our country has faced, uh,
are missing the reality that the
way we got here are because of some,
some deeply seated problems that, that have pre-existed, uh,
the previous administration and that still exist in our country today,
which is why I think it's so dangerous for some, uh, leaders,
especially in the democratic party and in the media over the last few days who
are so easily dismissing the 70 plus million
people who voted for Trump as though they are all the KKK or they are
all this or that, throwing them into that bin,
that Hillary Clinton called the deplorables. Yeah. And this is, um,
the reality of, of how dangerous that train of thought I think is,
is going to continue to, um,
reveal itself, unless look, you know, uh,
Joe Biden gave,
gave a very unifying speech for his inauguration.
It is that the pressure is on him to, to deliver for the country's sake.
I wish him well in working towards that. Uh,
but it's not going to be an easy task. And, um,
ultimately he will be held accountable for,
for his own actions in whether he is able to be that
unifying force, or if we end up seeing, uh,
and address some of these deeper seated problems, you know,
he said in his speech that whether you voted for him or not,
that his goal is to serve you, the American people. Um,
you know, again, that the pressure will be now on,
on him to actually show that is true through his actions and,
and actually actively reaching out to those 70 plus million people who didn't
vote for him.
Yeah. I mean,
it would be wonderful if we all got together United and said,
let's wish him well, and let's,
let's cheer him on and hope he does a fantastic job.
And all of you Trump's supporters who thought that he was a puppet of the
institution, ha wish him well, like for our country, be happy,
be happy if he's, if he's right and you were wrong,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
episodes to save on data costs all for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.